Update readme to catch locale usage (#1052)
Shopify/mobile-buy-sdk-ios: README.md

)
```

> If your store supports multiple languages, Storefront API can return translated resource types and fields. Learn more about [translating content](https://help.shopify.com/en/api/guides/multi-language/translating-content-api).

Reviewer: We ought to use the new guide location for the link:
```suggestion
If your store supports multiple languages, then the Storefront API can return translated resource types and fields. Learn more about [translating content](https://shopify.dev/tutorials/manage-app-translations-with-admin-api).
```

```swift
// Initializing a client to return translated content
let client = Graph.Client(
	shopDomain: "shoes.myshopify.com",
	apiKey:     "dGhpcyBpcyBhIHByaXZhdGUgYXBpIGtleQ",

>         locale:     Locale.current

Author: @DrTeePot I will leave this because the end product seems fine. Below is what it looks like when I apply your suggestion. 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/655059/75287288-197ef000-57e8-11ea-99f4-d3eb0234ade1.png)

Look at the preview or richtext view for feedbacks on formatting
